add release documentation scaffolding (#224)
ansible-community/ansible-build-data: docs/policies.md

# Ansible Collection Policies

This doc explains the necessary ansible-build-data changes to enforce
Ansible Community Steering Committee Policies such as [Removal from Ansible][1]
and [Repository management][2].

## Removal from Ansible

TODO

## Repository management

### Background

From ansible 7.2.0 onwards, each release contains a `ansible-VERSION-tags.yaml`
data file in this repository.
This file contains a mapping of collections to their git repositories and the
git tag that corresponds to the version of a collection included in the ansible release.

The [Ansible release playbook][3] generates these files during the
`antsibull-build prepare` step and later runs
the `antsibull-build validate-tags-file` command to validate them.

> It's also possible to separately run `antsibull-build validate-tags-file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to separately run `antsibull-build validate-tags-file`.
```

For example, to validate [the tags file for ansible 7.5.0][4], run

``` console
$ antsibull-build validate-tags-file 7/ansible-7.5.0-tags.yaml
cisco.nso 1.0.3 is not tagged in https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/ansible-nso
hpe.nimble 1.1.4 is not tagged in https://github.com/hpe-storage/nimble-ansible-modules
mellanox.onyx 1.0.0 is not tagged in https://github.com/ansible-collections/mellanox.onyx
$ echo $?
1
```

> Since these collections weren't properly tagged prior to formalizing this policy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these collections were not properly tagged prior to formalizing this policy,
```

they are listed in the `7/validate-tags-ignores` file.
The release playbook passes that file to
`antsibull-build validate-tags-file`'s `--ignores-file` flag to ignore errors
for those collections.

``` console
$ antsibull-build validate-tags-file --ignores-file 7/validate-tags-ignores 7/ansible-7.5.0-tags.yaml
(no output)
$ echo $?
0
```

When building future ansible versions, any untagged collections will cause
`ansible-build validate-tags-file` to fail.

### Enforcement

Prior to ansible 9.0.0a1, validation errors are treated as warnings.
In ansible 9.0.0a1 and onwards, these validation errors will be considered
release blockers.
The playbook will fail if any new collection releases are not properly tagged.

> **Note**
>

> > It's recommended to run the release playbook with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to run the release playbook with
```

# Ansible Collection Policies

This doc explains the necessary ansible-build-data changes to enforce
Ansible Community Steering Committee Policies such as [Removal from Ansible][1]
and [Repository management][2].

## Removal from Ansible

TODO

## Repository management

### Background

> From ansible 7.2.0 onwards, each release contains a `ansible-VERSION-tags.yaml`

Reviewer: Is it intentional you use ansible in lower-case many times? When it's clear that the package name is meant I think this is OK, but here it sounds more like the product, and that shoul be Ansible.

Author: I use lower case ansible to refer to the ansible community package.

Reviewer: I assumed so. Here it could be both, that's why I was asking :)
